I'm so sick of hearing people praise this show so much for doing basically nothing. The characters get themselves into dumb scenarios that 90% of the time, they're 100% at fault for. The entire show is characters whining about exaggerated problems over and over, and that's the entire show. If you want comedy? The best you're gonna get is a stupid animal pun or some character acting like an idiot, or the same tired gag over and over, like a kid wearing a trenchcoat.

This is the most love it or hate it show I've ever seen on television. Most people I talk to offline just straight up get bored or fall asleep by the first episode, and who can blame them? It's always the same crap. It's just whining and talking and whining and talking and there's NEVER any real action or anything to keep your attention. The ONLY way the show works is if you are immediately invested in these characters and every single little minute problem and detail they have in their lives. If you don't care about the characters, the show is a waste of time. Because that's all it is. Character "development" (aka them just bickering with eachother) and them whining about their problems that usually mean nothing, because the entire time it just feels like a bunch of writers throwing characters into stupid convoluted situations and making crap up as they go along, moreso than an actual story being progressed, or anything being told at all. It's like sad family guy with animal characters.

I can think of many, many better shows that are much more worth your time. Breaking Bad is actually well written. It might not be a super accurate depiction of mental illness like this show apparently is, but at least you can watch the episodes without wanting to gut yourself by the end of it, and at least the entire HOOK of the show isn't literally only just "this person is very sad and whines about his life problems". I mean you get a lot more emotions in general out of any other show. A show is supposed to be an emotional rollercoaster. Bojack Horseman is just a straight constant stream of FEEL SAD NOW OK!! for practically every single minute of every single episode. It's a miserable DRAG to watch, god forbid if you bingewatch it.

It's a shallow, boring overrated show. It fails to be entertaining as a show, and it fails at being a realistic, accurate show. It builds up to plots that always fall flat or get solved by some stupid deus ex nonsense. I will never believe a show can be called realistic if a failing actor can just ditch an entire movie and then they just say "haha its fine we just CGIed you in, no lawsuits" and everything is fine and dandy, but once Bojack gets rejected by a married girl or something stupid and small, oh man it's the end of the world!!

Just watch a more entertaining show. It's not comedy, it's not even really a TV show, it's just depression . Not even good depression , either, it's just stupid, forced eye-rolling drama.